This meal is very expensive and painful.
I really can't. I didn't expect you to be injured like this.
You're still old enough. The police officer asked him to have his old nose pierced.
Please let me go and call you now.
Don't let it go
you let me let me
My whole life was ruined
But since my meeting
You've spoken out. Now get up on your knees.
I'll give you a hundred young men to fight for a month. It's better to let Mr. Wang go.
Allows you to store it for several months
But there are many
I even knelt down
It's them who should kneel
You stole my dad, let me see
You have to let a few people die to save me.
Not afraid of death
Now it’s even said here
Let me see how you clean up what he has done to you.